How dare you, little beast
Don't you dare scream!
Keep calling
I'd like to see if they came in quickly
Or I'll kill you quickly
Don't mess around
I'm your aunt
Hahaha, do you know it's my aunt now?
What are you doing early? Do you still want to quit?
Do you want to be satisfied?
No more hahaha
No, how can that work?
Then I'm not finished
What do you want to do?
Your good husband
Forced my mother to take off his shoes and wash his feet
Ah, in that case
Then you serve me like this
Don't go too far
Why do you use your housekeeping skills to serve me?
Impossible hahaha
No way. I'll give you three seconds.
If you are not obedient, you will commit a crime
I can't guarantee what's going to happen today
you
Ok I beg you
I'm doing this for you too.
I made you kneel
Are you deaf?
Or do you even know how to serve people?
I will not, I will serve